# CHANGELOG

## Unreleased
### Added
- Blogs can now generate pages
- Dependency injection for loading components
- Logging of all actions through ClearICE IO
- Responsive layout for blog generator
- A `generate` command for the CLI to handle generation of sites
- A way to specify the default site processor and site name through the command line interface

### Removed
- Removed the frame parameter for image tags. Images are now framed by default and a new `no-frame` tag has been added to remove said frame.
- Also, image alignments have been removed from the tag. This should be left to be implemented in CSS.
- Removed the support for the INI format for use in site metadata and page frontmatter

### Changed
- Restructured the Processor class system by introducing a `ProcessorFactory` and an `AbstractProcessor` derived from the old `Processor` class.
- Theme setting now completely overrides any built themes.
- Improved default CSS stylesheets for wiki.
    - Made page narrower
    - Made image styles cleaner 
- Cleaned up the code for the blog generator
- Instead of a global assets directory, all assets for a given site are written into the sites' base directory during generation.

### Fixed
- Broken wiki front matter title override.
- PHP warnings generated by the parser for non existent array keys.
- Templates can be resolved directly from within the PHAR archives.
- Assets can be extracted directly from within the PHAR archives.
- Conflicting blog layouts that prevented blogs from being generated.

## v0.1.0 - 2018-08-09
Initial release
